Focuses on AI Use, Unsolved Issues, and Problems created by AI in the Healthcare/Agriculture Industries.

Healthcare Uses:
Medical Imaging/Diagnosis: Can identify and compare multiple medical records to identify anomalies in X-Rays, or other medical scans.
Predictive Analysis/Preventative Care: Predict condition progression/severity, automatically assign treatment plans.
Personalized Plans: Can access patient records, genetic history, and other variables to personalize treatment plans.
Administration: Can handle large amounts of data, manage schedules, payment information, and reduce physical documents.
Drug Discovery: Up to date on current drug/medical licenses for treatments, recommend experimental solutions.
Remote Monitoring: Automatic patient monitoring, can prevent worsening conditions and immediate responses.

Unsolved Problems:
Highly Regulated Industry: Lots of rules/regulations, approval for AI may be difficult.
Integration: Along with regulations, implementation may be very expensive, and require entire database restructuring.
AI Distrust
Personal Information: Records, and Monitoring habits may reveal information without consent of the patient.
Bias: AI may misinterpret information for false diagnosis, unmanaged bias could lead to unfair decisions

Problems Created by AI:
Job Displacement: AI taking jobs that are repetitive/mundane.
Overreliance: AI system failures/misdiagnosis puts people at risk.
Complexity: The more information/data processed, requires more complex models.
Digital Divide: AI Systems are not affordable, higher-end hospitals may get more expensive, lower-end may get worse treatment.


Agriculture Uses:
Crop Monitoring: Monitor crop health/status automatically
Preventative Care: Identify unhealthy/diseased plants, suggest preventative measures
Precision Farming: Can monitor prime conditions, weather, time, health for specific care on each plant.
Yield Prediction/Supply Optimization: Predict yield based on condition, weather, soil type, season, and prevent plant waste by meeting a target amount.

Unsolved Problems:
Integration: Initial knowledge of plants/farmer knowledge has to be studied.
High Cost
Regulations: Sanitation, and other regulatory services may prevent integration.

Problems Created by AI:
Job Displacement
Overreliance
Digital Divide: High end farms get perfect yields, lower-end may be ignored/lose profit.
Increased Complexity
Environmental Impact: AI Infrastructure may cause further pollution, or disruption of a natural environment.
